The resulting class structure I felt was fine despite the initial transition. The transition from the previous instruction changed in that commits became more important rather than end result working code. With prior instruction we were reverse engineering code from a solution provided I would not consider this type of instruction "copying code" for myself because I took learning the concept seriously. I would also take my time in playing with code to in effect shape and mold it into something I could understand.
Reg Ex were realitively easy to catch onto what they are but I will say that I ran into code solution where I had no clue code could be targetted that way or had a learning curve with certain syntax. In music, notation would be the closest thing to regular expression as they are the character sets that build a score for a player. Regular Expression serve this same purpose in code so I would say I don't have fast sight reading skills in code yet as I do as a musician. I can read and sight read a piece if I must on a sheet of music paper.
I also had the added challenge of taking CIT-63 at the same time which I would not recommend to do as the transition in this class allowed concepts I was just reading about in my other text book to fall disjointly ahead or behind in this class which was hard to cope with. While I was using VS code I was using IntelliJ in the other also While learning about CRUD apps here I was scripting bufferred readers and writers in my other class to read whole documents and peform loops to parse, splice, and render Strings of code into new documents. So i felt a little disjointed which I assumed was just a result of not knowing, learning, and not having enough time to injest. On top of that I was researching constantly to fill in my knowledge which is where youtube was also useful as well as a few of my favorite websites that were very helpful and efficaious; such as W3schools, Stack Overflow, and MDN. Once I saw a solution of code from one of these sources I would read the syntax and kind of figure things out from the code order what it was doing. 
Personally I use and pay for copilot on VS code for the very reason that I had no interest in this field of work but was encouraged to pick it up. With in the course of little over a year I have had to relearn or otherwise learn something I hadn't touched since highschool which for me is almost 15 year ago. But I took advantage of our tutoring center, and office hours as often as I could and spent time with Prof RIo, Zac,h and Dustin; In place of code reviews I took my code to the tutors and to office hours to do my own self imposed code reviews which I found very helpful.
Copying code is think is still very integral to learning because lets be honest we all do it. Microsoft wouldn't exist as a company if they couldnt reverse engineer an IBM and the existence of open source code is no different in that respect either. I think the difference is that I would copy code and then try to understand it. I would also try to understand the syntax and the order of the code. And for this I would not have passed if I weren't able to have cloned solution code provided through instruction as I found my code during instruction had diverted too much to use. I needed a source to copy from to get back on track. We are in a learning and I just think this is more necessary for learning to have code you can directly linked to instruction to look at, pull from, and push out what you feel you know. I could be biased though because without code copying I might have failed this course. I am serious about learning though and I didn't pull from anyting I didn't try to understand first on my own.
I think the asynchronus nature of our course work was probably the best thing about coming back to school and starting my CIt journey. I have a full breadth of responsibility outside of school and I was able to work on my own time and at my own pace. I did fall behind past even my best laid plans but the asynchronous nature affored me time to go for help when I needed it most in the time I had. Also reaching out to office hours for more than just code reviews was very helpful here as well to help gauge the track I was on. I would not change the due date structure afforded just enough time for me to catch up personally.

I am very grateful for the help I received when I reached out and I appreciate the time I had from our instructor and turtoring services. I would not have gotten as far as I did without their help and this course helped to solidfy some concepts beyond just regurgitation of concepts.