# Week 8

I have noticed that while and do-while are similar but can serve different functions in place of if-else. The condtions appear not to require a boolean but i could be wrong there. In any case while shows the condition to be met first for a loop operation and do-while is the reverse as it gives the loop statement first before conditions are met. in other words Do-While can be used while something remains true and while can be used when something is true. in the order of code this could mean quick a bit of under the hood operation between lopp statement and condition so the choice can matter it appears. I noticed in my code I could get a do-while operation working but while was able to replace my for-loop.

I have used forms and seen  validation issues. My code actually had similar issues as I needed to removed caps. So correct answers were not seen as valid because they were not typed in caps for caps as well required punctuation etc. I intend to add a filter and remoove caps from user input to make it more functional for my user.

Thus far all my code executes on my event listener via my submit button which lable and give id "replay" and to the user it shows attempts.

Hi professor so your code solutions were good to to get an understanding of what variables and functions were to target however I found i did not fully grasp the code execution until I took what we had in week 6 and starting with my own concept from the beginning. It was very difficul to follow along line by line. So from the onset on in week 6 I took your code and had to fashion it to something I could grasp onto easier. Your code was very helpful in proofing what I had come up with as a matter of fact I was able to course correct by code an integral function by copying your function and writing my own variables in. So far working with your code while side stepping with my own concept has been integral to my learning process.